[film projector running]
[eerie upbeat music]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Space.
The Infinite Frontier.
This is the captain's
log of the starship Venus.
Our mission.
An expedition to the
planet of the autonomous.
The purple planet.
Our intention is to land
one of our own people
among the domes.
This was a mission calling
for an heroic volunteer.
A surveyor who. looking like them.
living like them. would finally solve
a mystery that has puzzled
our own people since time
immemorial.
This is the planet.
And this.
our chosen landing site.
Tension mounts
as our craft makes its final approach.
Now was the moment of commitment.
This was the moment
for which so many had striven for so long.
All stations we have impacted down
the chapel.
We have landed in uncharted state.
Data bank bias.
Immediate relocation
to more arid condition.
To enter room. Give me full power.
Databank reports.
You've done it again.
I know.
Stand by to launch. Surveyor.
Surveyor.
Standing by land surveyor.
Okay. surveyor.
Go right on.
That's how lovely.
I have footfall down.
Well done.
Are you ready?
A surveyor. surveyor standing by.
Commencing countdown.
Three. Two.
One five.
[high pitch noises]
[distorted high-frequency noises]
Lock.
Ionized particles. Now.
I feel dizzy.
That's your nuclei whirling
around your other bed.
Nothing to worry about.
Your voice has changed. Has it?
What's it like now?
Not at all unattractive.
Let's run through your cover story.
Should any time challenge
you. you want to reply?
I am a writer.
I am 170 years old.
My name is Mark Twain.
What is a mark Twain?
It's a personal name I
label like Vice President.
The red line. That sort of thing.
Now. can you see any dots?
One moment. While I relocate.
I see
my. mark.
That's all right. So are you.
Let's check you out.
Physical peculiarities listed
here include a mustache.
Do you have one?
What does it look like?
Databank reports
a mustache is a growth of superfluous
bodily hair. of decorative nature.
Can you see it anywhere?
Oh. yes.
Did I locate the mustache?
Good.
You will find yourself endowed with
the capability of thinking as I proceed.
But carefully.
I feel like a giant.
You feel nothing.
You have no sensory feelings of any nature.
Remember that. It's important.
Where shall I start?
You have fullness. aggression.
every decision making capabilities.
Within reason.
And inside the building
and proceeding towards sound of noise.
I'm in dome chamber.
Domes here.
Are they friendly?
They do not notice me. What are they doing?
I don't know.
Shall I ask them? Let's not rush things.
Proceed with caution.
The answer may emerge.
Excuse me.
One of them just spoke to me.
What did it look like? Exactly like me.
Proceed to investigate dorm activity.
I see another term which is making it a.
Perhaps it is a process.
Do you feel hot?
I have no feelings.
Remember?
Now I see two dummies getting very hot.
They are so hot. They are melting.
The domes melt.
These are very curious creatures.
Be conscious at all times.
How does their appearance
compare with yours?
They are all the same. Wonderful.
Everything's going according to plan.
Can you give me any
information on these domes?
Behavior? What are they doing?
They seem to be inspecting each other.
Can they be looking for something?
We have no information.
We will open a direct.
Channel into databank for you.
Have made
further discovery of
great scientific interest.
I've discovered dozens
of differing configuration.
At what way in a system differ.
It is flatter in some places.
Also. its mustache seems
to have spread up its front.
It has much more hair.
I cannot see very well from here.
Shall I approach? Negative.
It may be some form of mutation or.
What?
Lawrence.
Have you been discovered? I don't think so.
The stranger threatened.
Negative radiation levels.
Stable. Come along. Madam. are closing.
I see domes covering
themselves in loose skin.
Do you mind?
Everyone is in a great hurry.
I'll come.
No. madam. It's time to get dressed.
Where are your clothes?
Honestly. they're everywhere these days.
You did have clothes that opposed.
Oh. you must have. mustn't you?
This happened before.
you know. Dorrie? Yes.
Oh. Doris. Come here.
Oh. Doris. It's happened again.
Sandy's nicked a clothes.
They've nicked her clothes now.
Call the governor.
Tell him what's happened and ask me
what we should do. Come on. come on.
Oh. and you take your handbag as well.
Oh. Doris.
It nicked her and Pagano.
I bring some shoes about inside.
Seven seconds.
Now. don't you worry.
Don't you worry.
We'll find you something to get home.
George. You see?
What does this mean by covert?
Doctor. Bank reports.
Cover is a form of clothing.
We suggest they are referring to
protective radiation shields of some sort.
Cooperate.
Governor says to give him the 5
to 2 x glasses like I'm
what she's supposed to wear.
May I ask?
I don't remember you coming in.
All right. I'm with you.
Feel all right?
You don't look all right.
You know.
Funny. Well. of course she looks funny.
So would you if you were left
naked in the middle of London.
Come on. dear. Get this on.
I think she's for me.
Oh. you take no notice.
Left arm in there.
It's not much. but nobody's
wearing much of anything these days.
Is I showing some withdrawal from here?
Very pretty.
There we go.
Now. what you want to do
is you want to put in a claim.
A claim. dear.
A claim for the insurance.
Okay. You understand me?
Were you asking daddy
about you when you get home?
Can we go for seven?
Oh come on.
Well. put your shoes on and you sit to sit.
Oh. I have you go.
Oh. Doris followed out.
Oh. mom. Oh. yeah.
Why did I have to call you a taxi?
Oh. well. here you are.
I expect your manager.
Okay. you are now.
Cheerio for now.
Dear Molly. make sure this baby gets out.
All right.
Oh. see you soon again. I expect.
Oh. not too soon.
She's not sure where that room.
[funk music]
People have emerged into access.
Are all adults wearing protective covering?
All of them.
It's covering.
Appears to be in two men configurations.
The mutations. What
tubes? About their legs.
Well. the others. like me. wear open.
Kind of like coverings.
Perhaps the mutations are
dangerous and have to be identified.
Or perhaps they are
simply of different types.
An atomic burst
of energy appeared in female form.
She investigated Levins far beyond
the human norm with a bang or two.
She started being sexy on the round.
and her flying saucers
never left the ground.
She's the girl from Starship.
And she's arrived from outer space.
And she's landed on our planet
just as much the human race.
She's got to come down to mass now.
Keeps up the pace.
She's the interstellar travel lover.
When she first comes
to this Earth about her
left behind happily. she'll be surprised
with all the things that she will find.
The life we live. The choice we give.
Maybe she'll get to know what
loving means before she has to go.
Cause she's no good.
She'd be missed right from outer space.
And she's landed on our
planet just as much given grace.
She's got turned on to this now.
Keep up with the pace.
She's the interstellar extractor of her.
Can I help you. miss?
Can you tell me what these are?
Rex Raiders.
These creatures are Max mutants.
Creatures.
No papers.
Magazines.
Read it.
No creatures.
All the girls.
Girls are models.
Models for life with their models.
Photographers.
You wouldn't be interested
in yourself. would you?
Oh. yes.
I have an interest for everything.
Say. come in a vacuum.
[sultry jazz music]
I ready?
But yeah. I got a chick here.
so she might be interested
in doing some lovely.
Oh. She is.
Otherwise. I wouldn't be bothering you.
She's a bit dim. but we'll stack.
Yeah. just the right combination.
Yeah.
All righty.
Your place is right.
See if.
Yeah. Why?
This man frightened of me.
Oh. Oh. Take no notice.
He wants a fantasy woman. Say.
Maybe the real thing in
here. Frightened him a bit.
Don't worry.
You just take this along.
This address at 3:00 tomorrow. Okay?
3:00. What is that?
The time.
you know. when the little hands on three.
And the big hands on 12.
That's when Lenny will be expecting. No.
Tell you what.
You come back here and I'll
take you down there myself.
That corner too.
Quarter two.
Looks like
it lands on three and begins on nine.
Got it.
Good.
You've got what I think
you got out of there.
You'll make a very good career of it.
Under here is a body that's shown.
Yeah.
So would you like to see a lot of that?
If they like to see them.
Why did they cover them up all the time?
Oh. Do you?
Yes. Well. you come back a 2:45
tomorrow and all will be made clear.
Don't wait yourself out.
In the meantime.
When she first comes
to this earth about her well left behind.
At least you'll be surprised with
all the things that she will find.
The lives we live. the joys we give.
Maybe she'll get to know what
loving means before she has to go.
Cos she's the ocean.
And she's arrived from outer space.
And she's
wanted us to watch the human race.
She's got turned out
now. Keeps up with the pace.
She's the interstellar travel Earth now.
She's the interstellar traveler.
Have found illustrations
of the different tribes
canopies.
And Jupiter's.
I'm proceeding to investigate.
This may be the source of the mystery.
There is a dummy here.
It appears to be doing something secretive.
I should approach and discover what?
What are you doing?
[frantic whimsical music]
First indications are that
the mutated pupils are
frightened of the Canopus.
It seems the subject was pursuing.
An outside fishing of educational nature.
Again. I'm not the kind of person
to smile more than to give this.
Obviously. they are the happy ones.
Stand by.
I am about to enter.
Oh. hello.
How are you.
Jonny?
It's nice to hear your
voice all these while.
How are we doing?
I'm ready for you.
I appear to be in large. darkened heart.
It is not unlike our own holograph.
Hello.
Plate is displayed at one
end of lecture hall and is.
as I suspected. of. educational nature.
Most of the students appear to be asleep.
Can this be a form of
sleep learning techniques.
And approaching displayed image?
Are you then?
Are you all right? Your breathing heavy.
I was talking to Miss Stedman
this morning. telling her about you
and how well you're doing over there.
How are you. son?
Fine.
You work hard.
I expect you are. You usually do this.
You have any idea what's
happening? The crisis.
That day. Oh.
We submit hypotheses.
Thumbs up to have some sympathy.
It seems so obvious.
Databank reports negative.
Your theory
about what's happening with prices.
They're going up.
That's what I was down at the supermarket.
That's where I met Mrs. Fetterman.
I know what they're asking
for a good resolution these days.
Are you waiting for your son?
You know how you miss. Out on meals.
You don't look. After
yourself like you should.
I'm working on.
Oh. and you got to bring home a nice girl
for me to meet. You must have some girl.
I know you well.
I got no money.
Doesn't go anywhere
these days. Are you there?
Are you all right?
This is most interesting.
Physical differences between the two tribes
now seem to be quite pronounced.
The two below has a large probe.
So just probe.
Maybe some form of refueling equipment.
Keep strict observation.
On canopies observed
so far have been refused.
Shall I require refueling?
This is all new to us.
We'll research databank.
[light music in the background]
Than that is a lousy connection.
Hang up.
I'll try again.
I've made contact with friendly top.
Has it got a probe?
I will try to find out.
Honest.
Confirm friendly intentions.
Are you monitoring subject?
Affirmative.
Subject. Body.
Warmth.
Rising.
Caution.
His bodily systems are becoming agitated.
This dump may be willing to refuel me.
How shall I proceed?
Suggest you follow procedure
demonstrated in instructional
hollow play.
[breathing frantically]
Hello?
Hello? Are you there?
I'm not. Sure.
Long hair. breathing heavy.
Oh. wow.
Oh. Up. Up.
Oh. Oh.
Oh. What?
Okay.
You hear me? Oh! Oh. Oh!
I can't hear you. No!
Oh! Oh!
Oh. God. Oh!
Hey! Oh!
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Oh! Oh!
Ooh! Oh!
Oh. Oh.
Oh. Look.
Oh. Oh. Oh.
000000.
Try it. Oh!
Oh. Try me.
You've got to call the police.
I tell you. we did a fantasy here.
You keep your filthy habits out
of the street where they belong.
Don't you resent
intrusion of of his friend?
Become angry.
Can observe only one source of activity.
I'm proceeding.
I've discovered Tom
being with Heavenly Land.
Face.
What information have we on?
Dumb diseases that might account for this.
I have no information on causative disease.
Direct databank channel.
Open. Hey!
Oh! Oh. it must be the manageress.
Who is that?
Robert can't.
She's turned me out now.
I've got nowhere else to go.
No. you stay here. slave.
Here. Leastwise.
I try to.
Got a smoke coming at you.
Well. could do with a smoke.
Smoke?
Sleep
foreign. Oh. yeah.
Yeah.
I should have thought a young girl like
you could have found a man to take you in.
So now. Charles. I'm so.
Glad. Oh.
What's that?
Not made up. I
that's for old. I just for you.
This happens to everyone here.
Course it does.
And then one day. when
you've been a good girl
and not done all the
things you wanted to do.
you die.
So you take my advice.
I tell all you've got.
It. Oh. you're awake late tonight.
You look younger every time I see you.
Yeah.
She ain't got no place to sleep tonight.
And she'll know you.
Is that right?
You're a.
You're looking for a kip cause she's.
She's too shy to come out.
That's all.
I. You can't fix that up. couldn't you?
Well. there's my couch.
I bet.
yeah.
Give us some money for the snacks machine.
Oh. I thought.
Oh. you're matching.
She's going to die.
Do you hear? She really knows.
Of course she knows.
Just didn't hear you say it. that's all.
Why not?
It's not the sort of thing we talk about.
But you are going to die to.
Bloody well. aren't you? But it's true.
Got a lot of love.
You make the most of it.
You come in. then.
You must stuff I had.
Oh. you've got a lot.
Don't you bother yourself about money.
Oh. my favorite holiday.
Oh. never off of Mays couch.
Stay my right now.
[easy listening music]
Well. that's the catch there.
I'll put this away.
Get you a blanket.
Is this person your other half?
Oh. she might have been. We've split.
Was it painful?
Was a bit at the time.
but I've got over it now.
I've had of you. Me?
But not yet. as it would
shock you too much.
Yeah.
you're probably right.
Well. I'll see you in the morning.
Good night.
Where are you going?
Well.
don't worry. I won't come creeping back.
Right.
You'll be sent from the.
Not many birds will bother.
Good night.
We will dematerialize
you to a new location.
But there is no activity now.
It is night. Time.
We are arranging a time slip.
We will return you today. right?
Does that mean I shall not
see this dumb subject again?
It is an interesting subject.
We will ensure that you are here.
When? Next it wakes.
Where shall I go now?
Standby or return to yesterday.
This is interesting.
Don't machine seem to
meet with invisible barrier?
That. The machines come to stop.
But I can find no physical
barrier to that progress.
Thumbs are deeply superstitious.
so just occasional paths may provide
opportunity for meditation.
[quiet piano music]
How interesting.
I'm inspecting Dom in machine.
To which tribe does it belong?
It's hot. Tell
it sitting down.
It's.
Don't smoke.
Apparently it is overheating.
It seems frightened of me.
so it must be a tubular mutation.
You tell me.
I'm physically some kind of.
I'm absorbing shock. which sounds bad. but.
What possible use is a dead bird?
I don't know. but they chop them up.
Chop them up?
Is that how they kill them?
No. they burn them first.
What is the purpose of all this?
I don't know.
They dispose of the pieces by
putting them in their own bodies.
They put dead burn burns in their bodies.
I suggest it might have
some ritual significance.
These dogs are more
primitive than we thought.
They can't present possession at once.
I am observing
a tubular mutation. not making
a signal to one of those machines.
He is getting.
Do you know where they go?
We have no information.
Now I see dozens of other tribes doing it.
I also noticed that the machines
they stopped are always black.
Will you attempt same? Yes.
A similar black vehicle is approaching now.
This one has white ribbons on it.
It is stopping
and approaching.
Will enter it.
[dinging]
Oh! Hey! Hey.
Must be a friend of your mother's.
[indistinct chatter]
I mean the terms of both tribes.
They are putting things
in their bodies again.
More barren birds.
It's hard to tell.
They are also pouring
liquids into their bodies.
It seems some kind of
ritual may be imminent.
I also noticed
some Earth tribes are
becoming quite friendly.
The mutations effect there
seems to be diminishing.
Don't let their docility
in this in your caution.
These primitives can be unpredictable.
Well. whoever it is that
come back.
I don't remember seeing you
at the settlement ceremony.
There you go. Touching their heart.
The legalizing that brought them the
ritualistic rubbish in this day and age.
Ask me.
Oh! Foreign iron.
Probably we will also protect the.
Deutsch. Then
I will. Habla espanol?
And. in my.
Opinion. out of Rusedski.
You know what this involves?
The betting of ducks.
I only want.
The betting on ducks.
This is salmon who speak of ducks.
Oh. my gosh. here you go.
I think we all like that.
I like the spirit of the girl.
I told you about the wedding.
I don't know.
What effect this wedding.
Got it?
Got it? Yes. yes. Swedish. Scandinavian.
And never even has a meaning of the word.
Yes. It's the old love to.
And a baby.
Love.
What is that?
I don't
you Scandinavians
beat about the bush. do you?
I have great interest for this.
As a matter of fact. I do. I.
See. we sort of. kind of pull for
the naughties ourselves.
I would be most interested.
Do you want to wait?
But it looks as though they're
going off on their honeymoon.
They're visiting the moon.
Bournemouth. actually.
But. yeah.
Might as well be the moon
for all those who it is. Yes.
You know. the honeymoon is.
Oh. that's that's the best bit.
But the natural don't
get to go along on that.
I would find it most interesting.
Would I.
Who goes on this.
Honeymoon?
Who will be
first in the bride and groom?
Stand up. Straight.
Yeah. it's showing.
If I were to seek permission.
would I be allowed to
accompany them to the moon?
Well. why not? Do
I don't ask them. I will.
Yeah. What about you?
Work for me?
Well. it.
I'm a friend of your mother's.
And then come to watch you. Honey.
What did you say?
Oh. I say
I did such a lovely.
This would be a mistake.
It's probably. Your.
Go on. Get out.
If you help. Out.
[sultry funk music]
At. Okay.
Thank you.
Yeah. And thank.
It's.
Thank.
That was it.
Yet another ritual.
It would seem that Dom's enjoy ritual
more than anything else.
Most of them prefer to passively
watch others doing something.
They seem to do little
for themselves. You.
[sultry funk music continues]
Okay.
okay.
I'm. Okay.
Here. I'm.
Oh! Oh.
Okay. So.
Okay.
You know. darling.
But. I.
Just pray.
Like I said.
I had a bloody mind.
I had I.
I can't tell you.
I read. reportedly turned green.
Because I vibes.
Now. ladies and gentlemen. Adam and Eva
in their artistic
presentation entitled The Fall
Before and After.
Daughter back reports
cause of green hue is intake of alcohol
which has negated your red factor.
Evacuated once
how suggest energetic agitation of body
similar to that adopted by active doctors.
Proceeding to what I believe.
Don't now.
All right.
What's going. On here?
Oh. She must be.
I don't even
like.
Right. right. right.
Yeah.
Let's go on stage.
I don't.
Notice. but.
George. she's crying.
That idea.
Oh. okay. All right.
Yeah. well.
All right. all right. That's sorry.
Piss off. This is our bloody spot.
Oh. hey!
Oh! Oh.
There you have the bags over here.
Somewhere.
Where are you?
Green.
Going.
Oh. there you. Are.
Well. what do you think?
What purpose?
They serve these. Balloons. Oh.
Just for my funny ways.
You know. we all have them.
A certain.
Tactile.
Stimulating effect. wouldn't you say?
There's really. No.
But a certain pickle.
And this. you know. to one's pleasure.
Pleasure?
What is that?
Oh. Those sweet. innocent. You.
pleasure
is mine. Ten
presently.
Come this way.
Oh! how much.
[aggressive kissing noises]
Tell me sweetness.
Have you have a. you know
been alone with a man before. No.
Oh how utterly delicious.
We must
make this something
special.
Something
really special.
On silk. isn't it.
Is it?
Oh. how utterly delicious.
Oh. no.
You just.
you just
sit. sit there quietly for four minutes
and I'll. I'll slip into something
a little more comfortable. Yes.
I won't be in the fashion.
Oh. Oh come on.
Oh oh come. Hey.
It's all right. sweetness.
Nothing you to worry about.
Don't disturb yourself.
We put state of subject. Top.
Reflexes similar to that was
our previous subject in polygraph.
All possible write down of reason.
This could lead to a of
instincts being aroused.
Where are. You?
Sweetness? Oh.
Where are you?
Yes. surely at.
We are taking the precaution
of erecting a defense mechanism
at all memorable places in your body.
Oh. there you are. All right.
This could prove interesting.
Also dangerous.
We don't want you changing color again.
I repeat. defensive measures
have been taken. Max.
I. I know you're a.
Little.
Nervous.
To this
being your.
First time and all that.
but you just.
relax.
Oh. yeah.
This I've been.
To and I remember.
The rest of our lives.
Oh. Oh.
What have you got in there.
What happened.
Oh what. Happened.
I got a. Bloody great
electric shock.
That's what happened.
Whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa.
What is it?
What if I was a Japanese
electric sex toys or what?
Who's got you? Should. You should.
You should have some compassion. You.
You could have ruined me for life.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh. hey. Oh.
Oh oh.
Oh. Let's you.
You promise you won't do it again?
I'm sorry if I shot you.
All right.
all right.
I'll say this for the boy.
He's a dryer.
Please remove barriers.
Yes. Shocked enough?
Negative.
Well. I I suppose
as you've given me. your.
Promise you could.
You could have a look at this time.
I think.
I'm. I'm.
Women's lib.
They put you up to this. didn't they?
Oh. Well. you won't win.
Remember. it was a man who invented
penicillin.
Tell your.
Playmates.
That.
Bloody hell.
Good morning.
Hey. I'm not a the.
I knew that much.
I'm not used to this morning.
Coffee or being woken.
By a man. Both.
Does this contain alcohol?
Not likely.
Did you sleep here last night?
Yes. Is the only close you got? Yes.
You're a lucky girl.
Because I can fix that.
It's a department store.
They got what you wanted.
It's all right. My dad's place.
Come on.
I'll introduce you to the manageress.
This is Mrs.
Dobbs. How do you do?
She will take care of me.
Of course.
Go ahead. I'll see you later.
This way.
This.
Doc something? Yes. dear.
So that's everything all right? No. no. no.
Let's see how we get to your jacket.
No. There's. chances.
It's not quite like that.
Sorry.
I may just have a huge pop in here.
I just treat it. nip it just in. Oh.
I'm. Good.
Oh. it's
a beautiful piece of furniture and gum.
Technology appears to
be very crudely developed.
Your judgment is not valid.
Your electronic barrier is cause
of malfunctioning electronics.
Then remove barrier.
You are making me conspicuous.
[light suspenseful music]
I have discovered a
whole fleet of our starships.
Have we lost any? Your
report? Not credible.
Please make closer inspection at.
Hello?
Hello.
Hello. Butterfingers.
I'm sorry.
Was there much damage?
Considerable. but all repairable.
Don't try to be more careful. surveyor.
Oh! Hello.
Hello.
Hey. it is you.
Hello. Remember me?
I've been looking all over for you.
We got a date with my pal.
Yeah. The photographer. Lenny.
Okay.
Don't laugh.
No. it's not good enough. No.
I've seen more.
Light in about a scampi.
I've done better getting Doris Day.
There was. I mean.
Well. you know.
Yeah.
You're out now.
And can't you get that?
I was half straight
promising. not pornography.
Are you suggesting me?
Of all partners.
I like. you've got the
wrong end of the. Stick.
You know what I mean?
Is. if you could.
Well. you know. you know.
Screw. Well. I won't. Simulations.
As far as I'm prepared to go.
Oh. charming. Lovely for you.
Lovely chatting. Indeed.
What about him. blossom?
I mean. look at him. Look. No.
And if you need something. a little help.
A little sort of a cheer to. This hot face.
Come here.
Okay.
Reasonable.
One more word and I'll call equity.
Heaven presents.
Hey. Here's a check. I promise.
No. no no. no. you are too distracted.
I do not know I to distract. Oh.
This is. Very important. Commission.
It's the.
The front covers banking monthly.
And all I'm getting at the
moment is temperament.
Well. this could solve your problems.
I mean. look at that.
She's gorgeous.
They're very selective. you know.
And I have got this reputation to maintain.
I have. Got about coming.
Actually while working.
Hey God.
Great.
Oh. Oh.
Oh I don't know.
Oh. Oh. Oh!
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Oh. he's French.
Oh. I don't.
Oh. Oh. Oh.
[loud moaning]
Oh. Oh.
Oh. Oh. Oh.
[moaning]
And. I'm.
Take a job as well and.
See whether the clients
find it acceptable or not.
You can take to be doing it on my back.
You see that?
They're good at it. I didn't
know we were out. That.
Well. my bad. Was to get
out of it. You little bitch.
Come on out.
Get out. all of you! Out!
I do not! Oh. yeah.
Lay down.
I know. I know. I don't fret about it.
Thank you love. I think I've. Changed.
I thought you'd never ask.
I've just got a dumb
being of small dimension.
It is apparently quite hapless.
Can you advise nature
of such a dumb daughter?
Bank reports of such dimensions.
It's classified.
Either a dwarf or a midget.
Clarify which and
investigate reason for crippled
status.
My baby!
That's my baby.
Put that back. Put it back!
So put her back.
Hey. I'm in an interesting chamber.
There is no furniture.
Disturbing the peace.
Yes. doctor.
That's a strange business.
So. what do you want me to do about it?
Well. I think she
must be a little bit. sir.
You know
what you do exactly.
She has a woman in the park with a baby.
Made you talk.
I want proof.
What is it?
What is it? Equipment.
The medical equipment.
All perfectly normal.
Thank you.
For morning.
Fun and games in the park.
All right. Here.
There were my routine check on button
machines.
Inspector. if you don't mind. Oh.
What are you looking for?
Your heart.
[funky stand up bass noises]
Ma'am.
Your heartbeat.
Where is it?
Just.
Does your heart beat?
Told me
to talk about the beat. Oh.
Quick!
Open up!
Come on.
I don't know who.
William.
Don't you understand?
Should you go for
and go to your friend and.
Doctor to find your perfect future?
Perfect balance sheet.
Look. she will write to
me. Come on. let's go.
Did you go to the band?
Your name and tell you she's dead?
Yeah.
I request urgent provision
of heart and pulse.
That will require some consideration.
Stand by.
What happened?
I need to make an inquiry.
I think that would mean robbing
the police.
I think they could allow you in my custody.
Shall I be your prisoner. then?
Of course not.
What?
In a way. I suppose you'll have
to stay at my address if you agree.
That'd be nice.
All right. I'll tell him to go ahead.
What did you cause of my address?
I don't know. Amantha.
Come in.
Surveyor. you are now equipped
with a full range of sensory organs.
That's good.
Just be careful how you use it.
Now. what exactly happened?
What's the matter?
You're shaking.
You better
lie down. Now.
What is it?
Well. perhaps I better call a doctor.
That won't be necessary.
What is it?
I'm in need of three fueling.
No refuel.
What?
You mean you're hungry?
Didn't they feed you anything?
No problem.
Excuse me.
Next. Oh.
[tense strange music]
Surveyor.
Just what do you think you're doing?
Respond in a proper manner.
My question was. what the
hell they imagine you're up to.
I'm exploring.
That's what you sent me here for.
Not like this.
Do you have any idea what you're doing
to our monitoring equipment down here?
I'm being served.
By the most wonderful.
Sensation surveyor.
We're getting readings our
instruments were never designed for.
Whatever that is you're doing.
You'd better stop and desist forthwith.
But I can't stop now.
Oh. it's much different now.
You isn't the surveyor.
What you were doing is very dangerous.
Our instruments are going wild.
You could blow fuzes.
Any circuit.
Now here's a red flag warning.
Johanna. do me.
It appears that dark beings are
afflicted with similar feelings as yours.
And they could go blind.
Oh. is that what you want. surveyor?
After all your years of
training. can you turn your back
on all those people that
believe and trusted you?
Now be reasonable and stop it at once. It.
It's.
I want that Tom back.
He said he'd feed me. but he went away.
I'm ready for refueling.
I am not unfitted. but I'm ready.
Not since.
Look here. surveyor.
We're switching you off as of now.
Stand by to turn off surveyor.
Turn off.
Surveyor now!
What's happened?
But she still turned off.
I lost control here.
I don't just stand there
grinning. Do something.
This is a red status alert.
You hear that. surveyor?
We're at red status alert.
Now. I want to be reasonable.
We all do.
And I've got here a data
bank update that suggests
you are suffering from a damn disease.
No. As emotional involvement.
This condition has been known to
lead to hot flushes and fainting spells.
Are you listening to me. surveyor?
Flushes and spells.
You are forbidden to go out into the
moonlight or accept boxes of chocolates.
Furthermore. you are to be kept present.
Possession at once.
No. I don't.
Want to.
Maybe you didn't hear me.
I said no orders.
She's not listening to me.
Understanding
that surveyor.
It could cost me my job.
[sultry jazz music]
Or how?
I don't know.
I know.
Oh. Oh. You.
[moaning]
Her. Plan.
I. Hey.
You should lie down till I call you.
I'll.
I'll go and run your bath.
Over.
I just bought you a towel.
This is one of us.
Temptation. Hang in with.
What is it?
I can feel it.
I want to come into.
Well. I. I don't think it would be.
proper.
Why not? There's plenty of room.
You wouldn't.
You sure?
Certainly.
Well.
I'll.
Back in a minute.
Come in.
Surveyor. Report your present position.
I am in water.
It's a nasty feeling.
No. I know why gums make themselves sweat.
I can feel it through every
sensory pore in my body.
Your body surveyor.
May I remind you that
that is not your body.
It's a simulated doll body.
And you are to vacate it forthwith.
Otherwise. we shall take
steps to transmogrified.
You if you try it.
I'll drop you in the bath. No.
Let's be reasonable. sir.
We used to be friends.
Good friends.
Signing off now.
Now. what do you feel?
Feed you.
Yes. Feed me.
Here.
Come on.
Where has he gone?
You're getting no more
information from us until you decide
to be reasonable.
All stations here.
This.
Guard your instruments.
She's at it again.
Surveyor. Surveyor.
If you won't consider me and
think of your friends here on the ship.
Think of the technical
men who labor the eons
over the manufacture and
perfecting of our instrumentation.
They had no idea of the kinds of
stress to which they're being submitted.
Can't you control yourself?
Just this once.
And be reasonable.
Is that so much to ask?
She dropped it.
I never had a chance.
[water splashing]
Surveyor.
This is your commander speaking.
This mission is terminated. As of now.
Standby for immediate de
Transmogrification and return the ship.
No chance to figure.
That is no way to respond.
Now remember our years of comradeship.
Now I'm prepared to forgive.
If you sit here.
You're not listening to me.
Leave that alone at once and pay attention.
It's a fair.
Well. let's just focus.
All stations.
Hear this.
We are losing our surveyor
to the spread of virus.
I got all better.
Put your thinking caps on it.
Come up with something to compete
with what these dogs do with each other.
All right.
As you all know. it's
time you're listening.
Me?
[moaning]
Now listen to me. surveyor.
I'm going to level with you.
There's only one way to save this mission.
and that's for you to save yourself.
Not my only interest
to show you the error of your ways.
Have you thought the effect of
what you're doing will have back home?
Have considered how this is going to look?
I'm hollow vision.
Go away.
I like refusing.
That's a ridiculous sentiment.
You're beginning to sound like a dog.
I suddenly feel like a dog.
All right. surveyor. one last try.
I have to hand my automatic update.
That is going to make you think again.
Unless you abandon your present
determined course. we shall be forced
to terminate our mission
and leave you here on Earth.
Do you understand. Me?
How could you stop doing
that when I'm come to you?
Okay. surveyor reactivated.
Read me. Right.
What I'm saying here. That's good.
Is that if we leave you here.
you will become a total entity.
That means you will be subject
to all weakness in the dark.
Remember and remember that old lady.
Well. if you stay here and like a
dog. your body will rot the same.
Rehearsed it.
Do you understand that. surveyor?
The price of what you have to
make is that you will eventually die.
Do you still
think it's worthwhile disobeying
orders to stay here and.
somewhere.
I'm coming.
Well done.
I knew you'd change your mind.
I wasn't talking to you.
In that case. surveyor.
There's nothing more we can do here.
This mission is terminated.
Goodbye.
1103 to 4 9746.
Oh five.
Oh. Forever. 000.
[moaning growling louder]
00000000.
[swirling electronic noises grow louder]
That. There goes my pension.
Well. I think it just 3000 more years.
I could
cry on. It. Makes me sick.
She's got turned down two nights now.
Keeps up the pace.
She's the interstellar travel.
[light rock music]
When she first comes to this house.
Well left behind.
Hopefully she'll be surprised
with all the things that she will find.
The lives we live. the joys we give.
Maybe she'll get to know what
loving means before she has to know.
Cause she's no good.
She'd be missed.
She's right from outer space.
And she's landed on our planet.
Just to watch us.
She's got turned on to sinners now.
Keeps up with the base.
She's the interstellar extractor.
If she goes back to her planet.
Little greenish man.
And we never see her like
this on this earth of ours again.
She never left her mark upon is.
And her messages of love.
And the universe will smile from up above.
Cause she's the difference.
She's arrived from space.
And she's
us. To watch the human race.
She's got to learn to invest now.
Keeps up with the pace.
She's the interstellar travel.
The power of love.
She's the interstellar traveler.
[music fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm